hello its ruvi and today I have decided
to start a vlog so I actually just
watched Jade's weekly vlog and I am
inspired to actually try a weekly vlog
who cares
I've tried weekly vlogging before and I
might even upload a weekly vlog which I
filmed last week however I have never
really been able to stick to it and this
week I am determined to do just that
so thank you for inspiring me Jade I
actually saw Jade two days ago and I did
film a clip for that so I am going to
show that now that's technically not
part of this week it's just that I do
want to share it with you honestly Jade
is just as amazing as she is her videos
in real life and I am honored to say
that she is my friends so I'm currently
in the lava field and I'm joined by a
very special guest so Jade has come over
and we're just currently trying to take
artsy photos in alarm and moderately to
not say well we've taken some but these
are rubies llamas yeah I am today it's
Friday and I'm not actually doing
anything this evening it's my sister's
birthday party and I was going to invite
if I'm around but basically everyone's
away on holiday so I haven't
so I'd recently read a book called the
secular conscience and I decided to just
make a Quizlet of the key facts that I
had learned because there are actually
quite a few things that I think would be
really useful to remember so I just went
through the book and I just made an
eighth of all of the highlighted parts
which I had bookmarked whilst I was
reading and also I was using a page
anchor to prop up in my book as well
which was very kindly sent to me and I
will leave a link to one in the
description box below because they are
really really useful
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so it's now about 10:30 and I'm
just getting in bed to watch which I
watched the first two episodes up and I
really loved but then because of exams I
wasn't able to watch anymore and I
really liked it so I'm thinking just
watching maybe 10 15 minutes before I go
to sleep and then I need to finish this
book because I've been reading it for a
really long time and I think I've just
slumped a little bit with it because
I've been reading it for so long
it's really interesting but it's quite
heavy so this evening I decided to
finalize a design which I've been
working on but only in rough I had a
pencil sketch fairly detailed what this
would look like but basically I'm
currently in the process of designing a
new product for my website pumpkin
productivity which is really exciting
and something I'm really looking forward
to sharing with you but my lips are
sealed for the time being on I was doing
the design digits lead this evening and
it did take quite a while and it's
definitely not finished but I've got the
foundation and it's done which is really
great because I've been meaning to do
that today and so I'm glad that I did
get that done
[Music]
so in the morning I decided to make
myself some vegan pumpkin french toast
for breakfast and it was so delicious I
basically made up the recipe as I was
going along but it turned out really
well
[Music]
so I have just done a final design of
the product which I was designing
yesterday and I've just gone through and
actually tried using it to see if I like
it how it is and there are a few changes
I now want to make I'm not going to do
that now I'm going to wait and get some
feedback from other people as well
before I make these changes so I
[Music]
Oh
she
[Music]
so here I was just sorting through my
winter plates and some old plates as
well and just sorting them into what I
wanted to keep and what I wanted to
donate and as I said I never run to my
family's house and we did wash them
[Music]
so we really are such children have
mommy and I decided to get out sleep not
crazy Daisy with a bumblebee version
that we used to play with when we were
very little and we just did it for the
nostalgia of it and it was really good
fun
[Music]
so I decided to clean my laptop in the
screen because it was in desperate need
of a clean it was just so dusty and
there were all these sun spots on it
[Music]
okay hi again it's quite a lot later now
I don't I literally haven't vlogged in
all day so I'm really sorry I've been
filming pretty much continually all day
and I want to try and film a third one
before this evening so I need to just go
down and do the washing up then I've got
two letters I need to seal in a dress
because I'm gonna try and post them on
the way to my grandparents house and I
also need to if you can see this so I
had a massive sawed out of my clothes
and there are quite a few things I want
to get rid of and they will take them to
a charity shop at first I want to see
whether my cousin wants any of it so I'm
gonna bring it round she can choose what
she wants and then the rest I will take
to a charity shop
[Music]
Martha and I have come to meet our
cousins as they walk home from school so
we're just walking down from Grandma's
house and walking the way that they all
have gone so Martha and I walked down to
try and go the direction of the school
but Alfie and Ellen went a different
direction to get home so that where the
at Grandma's and we're maybe six or
seven minutes away today that didn't
work at all and now that they now they
know we're coming around anyway because
my mom is already there so oh well so
today we are going to do some soldiers
as high as our loft is an absolute
estate we have so much stuff in there
we've kept all of the board games but of
the old toys or the old school books of
the old Wellington boots
everything is that and it's awful if you
take a look so that is our challenge for
today we're gonna we're gonna start
tackle it and whilst we know that it's
not the proper way to declutter
I really wanted to do this fun game
where I'm gonna set a timer for five
minutes and then each of us has to go in
and try and gather up as many things as
possible to throw away and then we
basically run it up and see who's got
the most but of course you have to look
in your own area and look for stuff that
belongs to you so this should be quite
fun I mean look at this it's
you
[Music]
[Applause]
this is what we like to see every
[Music]
crunching inside and I'll leave it
linked in the description box and really
it's going to come and do work
experience with me which I so excited
about so excited about thankfully so
welcome I can't wait
hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be attempting the 24 hour read-a-thon
you
so it's currently about 2:30 and I
haven't really done anything today
I added my read-a-thon and then I had
some general Yuchi Badman to do as well
and now I'm reading I'm gonna read 11
which we meant to read and I read them
but I didn't because I didn't have time
it's really not very long and if you
look at the font it's quite big so I
might just sit here and see if I can
finish this and I've invited it from
around Camus I'm currently here with Amy
who I have not seen oh Lord
no no because we saw each other but
still
[Music]
you
well good morning I decided to start my
day by just hiding my room because it's
been very messy recently it is still a
bit messy these two cards need to go in
my card box and I need to find my pillow
because I think someone took it since
nobody else is up yet I am going to make
a really nice big breakfast for everyone
kind of body so I'm just gonna go along
and show you what I'm gonna make and I
ain't got one ingredient so the first
thing I want to make is some vegan
cinnamon rolls so I'm actually gonna go
out because I didn't have any apple
cider vinegar and I do you need that so
I'm gonna go out for that and then I'm
gonna come back so I'm making a fruit
salad I'm gonna make some guacamole then
toast which I'm going to put in this
really nice taste rather to take out
from a charity shop a couple of weeks
ago I'm gonna make some vegan waffles
which is just oats banana and water then
I'm gonna make some sauteed vegetables
and obviously we made vanilla bread the
other day so I'm gonna cut up the rest
of this I'm gonna quit fing get dressed
walk down to the shops and get the last
two ingredients
[Music]
and the best bet everything's vegan so
I'm gonna give you a tour of the foods
which we can see here so we have got
cinnamon rolls yeah everything here is
vegan so cinnamon rolls dairy-free
butter maple syrup ketchup
roasted sauteed vegetables banana
waffles fruit salad which has
strawberries apple and melon then toast
in here and also here and then I made
guacamole so then of course I had to
tidy up after cooking because I have
made quite a mess and my mum kindly
offered to help me
[Music]
then I had a shower and got changed
which is why I am in a different outfit
if you're wondering and I just decided
to go through some paperwork and things
which I had kept in the snug / living
room
[Music]
then I went around to my friend's house
in the evening and put mom made this
really delicious other and I really
think that it was really good fun so
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and
have a productive week